Fetch playbook (#13639)
demisto/content: Packs/DeveloperTools/ReleaseNotes/1_1_8.md

#### Scripts
##### New: VerifyIntegrationHealth

> - Heath check for integration (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
> ##### New: VerifyEnoughIncidents
> - Returns, whether there're, are enough incidents in the system. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
> ##### New: VerifyContextFieldsList
> - Receive fields and context. Verifies that these field exists in context. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check integration for existing errors (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: VerifyEnoughIncidents
- Check whether a given query returns enough incidents. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
##### New: VerifyContextFieldsList
- Verify that a given object includes all the given fields. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.0.0).
```
